all right I don't have a video for you
sir so I'm here with a for me right now
on my phone yeah thank you
I'll make my arm less painful um and you
guys just one very exciting yeah there's
some interesting moments during this
during that match what you know in your
interpretation how does that match go
I was pretty fun don't think in terms of
team unity and communication we're
improving on that a lot and playing
slide for me here make five men play
together instead of a lot of small solo
plays that don't make much sense you
know and just trying to one-run your
opponent and I felt like game 1 we did a
pretty good job but p9 is also
definitely really good they also beat
him yesterday
yeah I was pretty tough matchup for us
but the third game we definitely were
able to close it out clean so I'm happy
about that and we're just improving in
the right direction so yeah are you
I asked curry son this question earlier
are you happy you don't have to go to
risk rivals because because I mean you
know everybody's like oh man
international tournaments and everybody
talks about how great it is to like get
that experience and practiced against
like a different you know matter or
whatever but I feel like the people that
are going to risk rivals probably don't
want to go and the people that are
staying here are like oh we get a break
we get to practice is so good so I'm
kind of asking a question everybody
I think riff rivals is whatever usually
I personally don't really
we also read it because it's in the
mineral the healthiest I know right
I would prefer you know MSI format where
it's been between bolt splits and then
worlds right after yep so just trying to
shove in its extra international
competition so to speak is really hard
to do and just hires out the players it
brings them out a little faster yeah and
compared to be like other right whatever
everybody already says they want more
international events rights giving
everyone in international events I mean
they already have em aside you mentioned
that you like them aside do you want to
see other events like the international
events or do you think Emma science ah
pretty good I think if they changed
around our schedule so it's not we us
having to people yeah of 18 games
would be better if they want to add in
these type of tournament stuff like that
but during it since every match can be a
best-of-three it's just like ridiculous
for us especially because we're after
the split even though the team had to be
referrals so they had to be RIF rivals
play the split maybe they're going to
Worlds not a practical world when right
after is when sometimes some teams go to
IEM and stuff like that and you're
prepared for the next there's nowhere I
am though I last you're here so put
ulcers all in all right there yeah so
it's not really a lot of downtime out
there more filled in like a couple weeks
very infants is like when the next even
starts so just putting in risk fireballs
is like play that's not great variables
is giving you guys more downtime so
maybe it's a great thing for the teams
that aren't going well I'm glad we're
not going because I don't really want to
go but this and that's what I mean like
that's what's so funny about this rival
tournament it looks like I think the
teams that are going they're like
dragging their heels and they're like
well I guess we'll get experienced
against Europe and then the teams that
are staying here like okay cool we can
have like a party on Sunday night and
relax
yeah that's kind of funny other than
that how are things going on CLG you
know I'm constantly make some jokes
about Doc suddenly exploding in the
whole team falling apart but things seem
to be going okay yeah we really good
definitely I'm
taming a lot of the person how we acted
but I'm pretty sure is because of our
structure that we have on our team
allowing him to mature in that way and
he definitely hi we're definitely doing
a lot better in that regard and every
time ba in the beginning we was out of
wine or whatever he was doing Tony
plop our to coaching staff and myself
definitely were on him about that so
it's come to a minimum of four we feel
free to go Zoe
he's uh he's assumed Ireland as a
literally changed person get out of and
being able to focus on what he needs to
be not very much about you know if you
messed up or not we just push which is
why do you do yeah you going to Anime
Expo this weekend uh yeah I think we're
going on Monday or yeah Monday okay for
fan me at ppm okay cool so I don't know
if this will be up by Monday at 2 p.m.
but if it is people can go check you out
there you like a me right I feel like
here yeah I love anime you were there
maybe the first person I ever saw that
owned a body pillow that was given to me
by a fan by their prominently displayed
on your bed let's put this left ok Matt
actually comfy yeah yeah are you playing
at picking up more body pillows no
really not five pillars are the mean
with me and awfully take up too much be
okay that's that's the problem
yeah maybe like a I don't know I'm
saying I think it's something a spoiler
like a body towel something body called
an eye toward um I don't know that maybe
it's a duplicate product that feels eek
agree with you and on one side and who
here neither I'll be it's just a sister
just I've just deal what we're just
iterating on product okay I usually go
towards the August Ali okay yeah no
artist le cigare so and there's a lot n
illegal isn't a lot of toasties much
I don't same here I have a ton of stuff
that I need to get a DUI like alright
cool
well anything that you want to say to
any of the pans hey guys
boom there you go thanks for doing this
interview with me on my phone
what just productionvalue rapidly
following with might employ technology
hey this isn't twitch and it's not live
so I can't throw your name up right over
on the side but if you do want to
support me you can still do so over at
Travis CARICOM slash support